RandomVSRandom Report

1) What is your conclusion, does the first or
second player have some advantage, at least for a random strategy? 

I believe that in Othello, there isn't a strong advantage for the first or the second player
when both players use random moves. This is because Othello is highly strategic, and success
depends on a variety of factors such as positional play, control of the corners, and the ability to minimize giving the
opponent good moves. Random play completely removes these factors out of the equation. However,
if the players are not playing random moves, the first player can have a slight advantage, as
they can have the first opportunity to dictate the flow of the game.

2) Watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq9DzN6mvYA


3) Briefly write your thoughts on the above video below:

In the video, Jake explores how programmers can use and leverage coding to understand and apply
statistical methods, without the need to use complex formulas. It highlights practical approaches
to performing statistical analysis using programming languages such as Python. Key concepts
covered include random sampling, confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, providing real life
examples.

4) H0 is also known as the Null Hypothesis, and it means there will be no observed effect or
difference in the experiment. For example, the average adult body temperature is 98.6 Fahrenheit.

5) Ha is also known as the Alternative Hypothesis, and it means there is an observed effect or
different. For example, the average adult body temperature is NOT 98.6 Fahrenheit.

6) Choose one of the following and delete the other:
My experimental results support H0, so they do not support Ha

7) As in the video, use either math or code (add a Java Class) to argue for or against H0
Please refer to the code in my OthelloControllerRandomVSRandom.Java class. The null hypothesis
is we assume that neither Player1 nor Player2 has a significant advantage when using random
strategies. After running the simulation in the code, if the probabilities of P1 and P2 winning
are close to each other, it supports the Null Hypothesis, meaning the differences are due to
randomness, not any inherent advantage. Therefore, my experiment results support the Null Hypothesis
as there is not significant difference between P1 and P2, indicating no player advantage.


References: 
https://www.thoughtco.com/null-hypothesis-vs-alternative-hypothesis-3126413